# Zoo API

Welcome to the Zoo API project! This API allows you to manage various aspects of a zoo, including animals, employees, feeding schedules, and generating reports. It provides endpoints to perform CRUD operations on different resources, making it easy to interact with the zoo's data programmatically.

## Features

- **Animal Management:** Create, retrieve, update, and delete information about animals in the zoo.
- **Employee Management:** Manage zoo employees, including their roles, specializations, and sections of operation.
- **Feeding Schedule:** Set up feeding schedules for different animals and enclosures, with reminders for feeding times.
- **Statistics and Reporting:** Generate reports on various aspects of the zoo's operations, including animal populations, visitor statistics, and revenue.

## Endpoints

### Animals

- `GET /animals`: Retrieve a list of all animals in the zoo.
- `GET /animals/:id`: Retrieve information about a specific animal by its ID.
- `POST /animals`: Add a new animal to the zoo.
- `PUT /animals/:id`: Update information about an existing animal.
- `DELETE /animals/:id`: Delete an animal from the zoo.

### Employees

- `GET /employees`: Retrieve a list of all employees in the zoo.
- `GET /employees/:id`: Retrieve information about a specific employee by their ID.
- `POST /employees`: Add a new employee to the zoo.
- `PUT /employees/:id`: Update information about an existing employee.
- `DELETE /employees/:id`: Delete an employee from the zoo.

### Feeding Schedule

- `GET /feedings`: Retrieve a list of all feeding schedules in the zoo.
- `GET /feedings/:id`: Retrieve information about a specific feeding schedule by its ID.
- `POST /feedings`: Add a new feeding schedule to the zoo.
- `PUT /feedings/:id`: Update information about an existing feeding schedule.
- `DELETE /feedings/:id`: Delete a feeding schedule from the zoo.

### Reports

- `GET /reports/animals`: Retrieve a report on animal populations and distributions.
- `GET /reports/visitors`: Retrieve a report on visitor statistics and feedback.
- `GET /reports/revenue`: Retrieve a report on revenue generated by the zoo.

## Usage

To use the Zoo API, you can send HTTP requests to the specified endpoints using tools like cURL or Postman. Make sure to include appropriate request headers and data in the request body when necessary.
heres the link for my *Api Documentation  https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/30816863/2sA2rB13bw


## Contributing

Contributions to the Zoo API project are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

